README.md, before:

<p align="center">Project: <strong>DevRadar</strong> developed during the Omnistack week of Rocketseat</p>

<p align="center">
  <a aria-label="Node version" href="https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/master/doc/changelogs/CHANGELOG_V12.md#12.14.1">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js@lts-12.14.1-informational?logo=Node.JS"></img>
  </a>
  <a aria-label="React version" href="https://github.com/facebook/react/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#16120-november-14-2019">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/react-16.12.0-informational?logo=react"></img>
  </a>
  <a aria-label="Expo version" href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/expo-cli/v/3.11.5">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/expo--CLI-3.11.5-informational?logo=expo"></img>
  </a>
</p>

## Description
This project consists in a radar of developers and technologies where a user can search for devs in an area on the map. This search can be filtered by techs and github username.

## Backend
Look at [backend/README.md](./backend) for more details about the Backend and the architecture.

## Frontend
Look at [frontend/README.md](./frontend) for more details about the Frontend and the patterns.

## Licença

[MIT](./LICENSE)

Commit message:

notes about not implemented features

README.md, after:

<p align="center">Project: <strong>DevRadar</strong> developed during the Omnistack week of Rocketseat</p>

<p align="center">
  <a aria-label="Node version" href="https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/master/doc/changelogs/CHANGELOG_V12.md#12.14.1">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js@lts-12.14.1-informational?logo=Node.JS"></img>
  </a>
  <a aria-label="React version" href="https://github.com/facebook/react/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#16120-november-14-2019">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/react-16.12.0-informational?logo=react"></img>
  </a>
  <a aria-label="Expo version" href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/expo-cli/v/3.11.5">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/expo--CLI-3.11.5-informational?logo=expo"></img>
  </a>
</p>

## Description
This project consists in a radar of developers and technologies where a user can search for devs in an area on the map. This search can be filtered by techs and github username.

## Backend
Look at [backend/README.md](./backend) for more details about the Backend and the architecture.

## Frontend (Not implemented yet)
Look at [frontend/README.md](./frontend) for more details about the Frontend and the patterns.

## Mobile (Not implemented yet)

## Licença

[MIT](./LICENSE)
